DM-4543 As device integrator I want documentation on how to create child device (#3128)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/device-integration/fragment-library-bundle/child-devices.md

The **Child Devices** tab shows a list of all child devices. It will be available only if the device has any child devices assigned to it.

By default, child devices have the `c8y_IsDevice` fragment included. Accordingly, all aspects of devices are also applicable to child devices, for example, querying and filtering of child devices. Moreover, child devices are also shown in the device lists (such as the **All devices** list, and in groups and during the creation of bulk operations). 

### Assign child device to parent device {#assign-child-device-to-parent-device}

In order to link a device the parent device must post to its inventory API the following request containing the ID of the child device.

```http
POST /inventory/managedObjects/<deviceId>/childDevices
Content-Type: application/vnd.com.nsn.cumulocity.managedobject+json
```
```json
{
   "name": "New child object",

>    "owner": "<Username of the device's owner>",

Reviewer: Don't declare owner
```suggestion
```

The **Child Devices** tab shows a list of all child devices. It will be available only if the device has any child devices assigned to it.

> By default, child devices have the `c8y_IsDevice` fragment included. Accordingly, all aspects of devices are also applicable to child devices, for example, querying and filtering of child devices. Moreover, child devices are also shown in the device lists (such as the **All devices** list, and in groups and during the creation of bulk operations). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend to include the `c8y_IsDevice` fragment in all child devices. Accordingly, all aspects of devices are also applicable to child devices, for example, querying and filtering of child devices. Moreover, child devices are also shown in the device lists (such as the **All devices** list, and in groups and during the creation of bulk operations). 
```

> By default, the child devices will now have the `c8y_IsDevice` fragment included. As a result, all aspects of devices are also applicable to child devices. This enables the querying and filtering of child devices. Moreover, child devices are also shown in the device lists (such as the **All devices** list, and in groups and during the creation of bulk operations). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, child devices have the `c8y_IsDevice` fragment included. Accordingly, all aspects of devices are also applicable to child devices, for example, querying and filtering of child devices. Moreover, child devices are also shown in the device lists (such as the **All devices** list, and in groups and during the creation of bulk operations). 
```

### Assign child device to parent device {#assign-child-device-to-parent-device}

Create a child device using a request similar to the example below:

```http
POST /inventory/managedObjects
```
```json
{
   "name": "MyNewChildDevice", 
   "c8y_IsDevice": {}, 
   "type": "my_child_device_type",
   "c8y_SupportedMeasurements": [
      "c8y_TemperatureMeasurement"]
}
```

> Then in order to link the child device, the parent device must post to its inventory API the following request containing the ID of the child device.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order to link the child device, the parent device must post the following request containing the ID of the child device to its inventory API:
```

`101,uniqueChildId,myChildDevice,myChildType`

> The child create template has a new boolean device marker parameter, that makes the child device as a device by adding the c8y_IsDevice fragment. As a result, all the aspects of devices are also applicable to child devices. This enables the querying and filtering of child devices. And the child devices will also be shown in the device lists (eg: All device, groups and bulk operation creation)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The child create template includes a Boolean device marker parameter, which turns the child device into a device by adding the `c8y_IsDevice` fragment. As a result, all aspects of devices are also applicable to child devices. This enables the querying and filtering of child devices. Moreover, child devices are also shown in the device lists (such as the **All devices** list, and in groups and during the creation of bulk operations). 
```

> The child create template includes a Boolean device marker parameter, which turns the child device into a device by adding the `c8y_IsDevice` fragment. As a result, all aspects of devices are also applicable to child devices. This enables the querying and filtering of child devices. Moreover, child devices are also shown in the device lists (such as the **All devices** list, and in groups and during the creation of bulk operations). 

Reviewer: I like the idea but this needs to be described generally fro all child devices further up in this doc. This is not a SmartREST specific info. I'd also recommend changing the REST example to one with one that creates the child device directly and includes the c8y_IsDevice fragment.

> If the device marker parameter isnt provided, the c8y_IsDevice fragment is now added by default. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the device marker parameter is not provided, the `c8y_IsDevice` fragment is added by default. 
```

Examples of the device marker parameter in use:

> `101,uniqueChildId,myChildDevice,myChildType,true` -> c8y_IsDevice fragment is added to the child device

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`101,uniqueChildId,myChildDevice,myChildType,true` - `c8y_IsDevice` fragment is added to the child device
```

> `101,uniqueChildId,myChildDevice,myChildType,false` -> c8y_IsDevice fragment is not added to the child device

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`101,uniqueChildId,myChildDevice,myChildType,false` - `c8y_IsDevice` fragment is not added to the child device
```

> `101,uniqueChildId,myChildDevice,myChildType` -> Default behaviour. c8y_IsDevice fragment is added to the child device

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`101,uniqueChildId,myChildDevice,myChildType` - Default behaviour. `c8y_IsDevice` fragment is added to the child device
```

> `101,uniqueChildId,myChildDevice,myChildType,marker_fragment` -> If anything other than true or false is provided, c8y_IsDevice fragment is added to the child device

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`101,uniqueChildId,myChildDevice,myChildType,marker_fragment` - If anything else than true or false is provided, `c8y_IsDevice` fragment is added to the child device
```

> `101,uniqueChildId,myChildDevice,myChildType,marker_fragment` - If anything else than true or false is provided, `c8y_IsDevice` fragment is added to the child device

Reviewer: this type of doc belongs in the SmartREST static template reference: https://cumulocity.com/docs/smartrest/mqtt-static-templates/#101
